[#3758] Add docs regarding the BRK validation plugin (#3780)
open-formulieren/open-forms: docs/configuration/validation/brk.rst

.. _configuration_validation_brk:

=========================
BRK - Zakelijk gerechtigd
=========================

The special *AddressNL* component has a specific validator available, that can
check if the currently logged in user is the business owner of the filled-in property.

Configuration
=============

1. Obtain a BRK API key.

> 2. In Open Forms, navigate to: **Miscellaneous** > **KvK configuration**.

Reviewer: we tend to point people to the configuration overview page (the Misc menu entry should not be used directly) and have them click the respective configure option there. I see that the [KVK basisprofiel](https://open-forms.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration/prefill/kvk.html#configuration-prefill-kvk) documentation is also wrong in that regard.

A good example is: https://open-forms.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration/prefill/bag.html

3. Click **Add** next to the **KvK API Basisprofiel** field and fill in the following

>    details:

Reviewer: I think we preferably have people add the service via **Configuration > Services** and then make them select the option in the dropdown rather than adding it through the popup/window.

>    * **Label**: *Fill in a human readable label*, for example: ``My BRK API``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Label**: *Fill in a human readable label*, for example: ``Basisregistratie Kadaster (BRK)``
```
it's a central service - see https://www.kadaster.nl/zakelijk/registraties/basisregistraties/brk

What *can* happen is that the organisation itself requires access to go through their own gateway, so a different host can be configured.

   * **Type**: ORC (Overige).
   * **API root URL**: *The API URL provided by KvK but typically:* ``https://api.brk.kadaster.nl/esd-eto-apikey/bevragen/v2/``.
   * **Authorization type**: API key.
   * **Header key**: ``X-Api-Key``.
   * **Header value**: *The KvK API key obtained in step 1*.

>    * **OAS file**: ``https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VNG-Realisatie/Haal-Centraal-BRK-bevragen/master/specificatie/genereervariant/openapi.yaml``.

Reviewer: this is only required for legacy reasons right, we don't actually make use of this file anymore?

Author: I thought at first a required field, glad to remove it as it did not play well with the RTD theme

4. Click **Save** in the popup to save and close it.

> 5. When building a form, add a *AddressNL* component from the *Special* dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. When building a form, add an *AddressNL* component from the *Special* group.
```

6. In the **Validation** tab, select *BRK - Zakelijk gerechtigd*.

> .. warning::

Reviewer: maybe a note instead of a warning?
